Tang Yao
The amount of shares I gave you on your 18th birthday
Is that what makes you so mad at me?
I don't understand what Mr. Lu said
and
Didn't Mr. Lu drink like this before?
Tang Yao, you are the treasure of that lunatic Lu Xuan
Tang Seng's most grueling leprechaun Tang Yao
Hi.
Say it earlier, Xuan
Lu Xuan, no
I really don't know about Mr. Lu
I swear I swear
I don't know. No
Let's think about it again, Mr. Xu, I, you and I
He wants to die, so do you?
Lu Xuan, are you crazy?
You let me go
You're driving me crazy.
Do you have no bottom line?
Are you so shameless? I have no bottom line.
I have no shame.
Mr. Lu only allows the state officials to set fires and not allow the people to light up the lights.
Yes, I, Tang Yao, am such a person.
Now you finally see
This is how I, Tang Yao, seek revenge
Someone who can sleep with Xu Yanran
Can you let me go?
OK
I gave you something from Lu Xuan.
Ten times that of Xu Yanran
Instead of accompanying him
Why don't you accompany me
I Hate You
Yaoyao Yaoyao
I was wrong to bully you.
Shouldn't use shrinking to deceive you
I shouldn't have watched those bastards pour water in the factory
Wine but I see you with other men
I'm really going crazy, you let me go
I told you to let go of me
I have nothing to do with the dormitory. I